More informative error messages for invalid txids (#6359)
microsoft/CCF: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [5.0.2]

[5.0.2]: https://github.com/microsoft/CCF/releases/tag/ccf-5.0.2

### Bug Fixes

> - The `/tx` endpoint returns more accurate error messages for invalid transactions ids (#6359).

Author: ```suggestion
- The `/tx` endpoint returns more accurate error messages for incorrectly formed transactions ids (#6359).
```
